updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16639)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/imetadatatables-getguid-method.md

 [out] A pointer to a pointer to the GUID.  
  
## Remarks  

>  We do not recommend the use of this method, because it does not return consistent results. For information about the GUID table, see the Common Language Infrastructure (CLI) documentation, especially "Partition II: Metadata Definition and Semantics". The documentation is available online; see [ECMA C# and Common Language Infrastructure Standards](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/components#applicable-standards) on MSDN and [Standard ECMA-335 - Common Language Infrastructure (CLI)](http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-335.htm) on the Ecma International Web site.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  We do not recommend the use of this method, because it does not return consistent results. For information about the GUID table, see the Common Language Infrastructure (CLI) documentation, especially "Partition II: Metadata Definition and Semantics". The documentation is available online; see [ECMA C# and Common Language Infrastructure Standards](../../../standard/components.md#applicable-standards) and [Standard ECMA-335 - Common Language Infrastructure (CLI)](http://www.ecma-international.org/publications/standards/Ecma-335.htm).  
```
